first off let me say that this episode
it was slow it was slow as hell no good
guys got taken out no bad guys got taken
out not saying it was bad because there
was a lot of humor in it but as far as
like plot progression we really didn't
get anything like not to us saying they
don't even know why you know they're
talking about they've committed crimes
and the guys talking about atone for
your sins and stuff like that and we're
still not exactly sure what the fuck
they mean is it because they broke into
the castle is it because they broke Lucy
out I'm guessing but it seems like it's
more than that but like I said nobody
got taken out although the Wendy scene
was fucking hilarious it was hilarious
every time the sour faces in this anime
pop up with a little X's over the mouth
the mouth with like straight-up assholes
is fucking hilarious every time and the
happy and wolfs K I believe his name was
Wolf's key thing was pretty funny too
Wolfgang looks like he belongs in one
piece but the main star of the show in
this episode
he'll probably be the star and only this
episode in this episode only but our
carios or our kiddos have her to hell
you say it
that dude literally jumped in lava he
jumped in lava and sloshed through like
he's walking towards Lucy and Yukino to
save them and do you know how much balls
it takes to even put any part of your
body in lava this dude did it seriously
he doesn't care about his own life he
wants to make sure that Lucy and you can
all survive so they can activate this
Eclipse thing now I think this is gonna
bite him in the ass actually I know this
is gonna come back and bite him in the
ass but this guy's in theory everything
below his knees by the time he reaches
them should be melted it should be gone
but our cardio is a fucking boss for
that man I just cannot get over how this
guy just steps in lava to save these two
girls even if he dies he doesn't care
but like I said there's not much to talk
about in this episode because not
much happened it was mostly humorous
stuff and getting insight on some of the
executioner's abilities my opinion
Mirajane could have and should have done
a little bit more in her satan soul
because she's like the most powerful
person there and her take over but I
mean all she did was really save Wendy
and how coincidental is it that after
the blast from Matsu blow up that flower
everyone got separated and everyone
ended up with like their perfect match I
mean I mean Lily ended up with the guy
he was fighting the whole time Natsu
ended up with the guy he was fighting
the whole time and I mean you keno and
Lucy just happened to end up together
they don't have any keys and also tell
me how you think they're going to get
out of this one although if you watch
the preview you can obviously see some
shenanigans so tell me how do you think
that happened and even though the
princess is the one that threw them down
there she's like oh shit you know my
plan is backfiring when she finds out
that the executioner's are down they're
about to take them out as well so it's
obvious that she wanted them down there
but she didn't want them dead for some
reason so tell me what you think about
that we didn't even get any progression
in the grand magic games of this episode
we got some comedy with Mavis but that's
really about it overall that's all this
episode was was giving us a little bit
of insight a little bit more of the
executioner's style and some
hilariousness so that's really about it
and it's really hard to review something
like that though to keep myself from
repeating myself I'm just going to go
ahead and in this review here but let me
say once again to our carios is a badass
for jumping into lava and just sloshing
through it like it's fucking mud anyway
tell me what you guys thought there's a
badger that you like comment subscribe
and I'm out